hello hello what are the real
human ability to endure the cold
they are almost limitless ie
very very large at least by
compared to how civilized live
people they absolutely do not use their
potential potential is huge
potential to temper to endure cold and
live practically without clothes
but let it go to zero degrees
to zero degrees okay let in
T-shirt live but walk and walk or in
light clothes but it is possible and paradox
in what it sounds like a sensation like
something unreal strange but now
the modern world is already full
information that this is realistic
very many people have proved it in their
Of course, there are yogis who create
wonders that can and sleep in the snow and
walking on the coals is understandable but not all
understand yoga not everyone believes in it but
there is a sport
winter swimming is called everyone with
childhood accustomed to the fact that sport is
well sport develops a person like
as usual all sport winter swimming but
doing this sport people discover
yourself such opportunities that you
a lot sensational for ordinary
people though it is not surprising because ordinary
people live in greenhouse conditions that is
we are like greenhouse plants in greenhouses
conditions live since birth and
do not develop themselves not to exploit their
potential but by the laws of nature that not
works that is not involved from
atrophy let our atrophy
cold tolerance
naturally so about blue
swimming this sport is not
rarity
I want to show that these are not some gurus
quenching only reached perfection
many many people winter swimming
developed and in Russia very happy by the way
many champions because of Russia and
Canada in Northern Europe in
Finland is very very developed and often
It is Finland that holds the competition.
for people who are doing this winter
swimming walrus brushes call it
in the order of things to spend in icy water
5 minutes is normal
on her record of records is about two
hours when they swim in the ice pull
just cold in ice water so here
if a person can basically okay
things to train yourself so that
swim five minutes in cold water
ice water
how much can he spend outside the water then
there is just on the surface he goes
long enough on the surface
let's say at zero degrees
walk walk and if t-shirts something else
longer if in light clothes then in general
long enough that is a person can
bring cold, in principle, not worse
animals but at least hairless
animals such as cow elephants for example
show you some interesting people
who are engaged in winter swimming
for example, natalya is everything to them swims with
white whales are very beautiful photos
get it no record with her she spent
in ice water 10 minutes 40 seconds
water temperature and a half degrees
it's just ice water but everything
equally indicative of a good example she
serves and what's interesting is that she
quite recently began to engage
far from birth not from a young age
and she had cold sickness she
she was afraid of cold and still prevailed
this and her got such a degree
develop your swimming abilities
cold water and tolerate cold
another interesting person is lewis gordon
he set a world record record
water temperature minus 1 and 7 degrees
minus this at the north pole was he
swam at the north pole swam
1000 meter kilometer in 18 minutes 50
seconds
there is an interesting film quality film
about his record about how ready he is to sleep
carefully prepared spent
experiments in ice pools
coached myself to be confident
that he can do this record
commit he generally does a lot
winter swimming in the winter
places across the land swam always
dreamed of conquering the north pole and and
a cartoon
Elk one more Russian record holder
Andrei Sychev set a world record
swam two kilometers 250 meters in
fifty six minutes 56 minutes he spent
in ice water
that's how people put records
who are engaged in winter swimming
winter swimming is all real and such
Quite a lot of people
addicted to winter swimming spend
competition and just swimming for
lovers it is interesting and very
effectively of course from a little
age harden children because
it is at a very young age
functions that allow
adapt to the environment
for example i'm kut tempered actively very
their children from infancy do not even
just for osmotic in childhood
babies dipping in cold water in
icy i like go to bed every day
ice water in the bathroom yet bathroom i
I live now apartment in the summer we always
cottage we live but will move this year
plan yourself planned year-round
I will already live in the country cottage
swim necessarily all winter under
open air in open water
it is much more efficient and more pleasant it
in general, heaven and earth are incomparable bath
and when you're in on closed air on
fresh air in the pond present
bathe it's just awesome
Dima just needs to be engaged
hardening then summer comes and
already all
in the summer we will swim long but in
ponds too leto beautiful order
that you can not spend hours out of the water but
until winter you need to develop yourself and
and this will give us not only the opportunity
walk more lightly dressed with less
quantity of clothes but the most important thing is
huge health gives and cheerfulness
just incredible wisdom after
swimming in ice water is natural
everyone knows who is doing this but
health
The protective functions of the body are very
increased immunity increases
definitely thank you for your attention hope
This video was something interesting to you.
I kiss you all well and wish you well
success in development to self-development
tempering bye bye